Your access to systems and networks owned by The Broad Institute, Inc.
("Broad") is governed by, and subject to the following terms and
conditions, as well as all Federal laws, including, but not limited to,
the Privacy Act, 5 U.S.C. 552a, if the applicable Broad system maintains
individual Privacy Act information. Your access to Broad systems
constitutes your consent to the retrieval and disclosure of the
information within the scope of your authorized access, subject to the
Privacy Act, and applicable State and Federal laws.

## Cookies

Terra uses cookies to enable sign on and other essential features when
signed in, and to provide statistics to our development team regarding
how the site is used. For more information, see our privacy policy.
[Privacy policy, including privacy policy of uploaded data, is here](https://app.terra.bio/#privacy).
You agree to read and consider before uploading data.

## Modification of the Agreement

Broad maintains the right to modify these Terms of Service at any time,
and may do so by posting notice of such modifications on this page. Any
modification made is effective immediately upon posting the modification
(unless otherwise stated). You should visit this page periodically to
review the current Terms of Service.

## Conduct

You agree to access and use Terra for lawful purposes only. You are
solely responsible for the knowledge of and adherence to any and all
laws, statutes, rules, and regulations pertaining to your use of Terra.

## By accessing and using Terra, you agree that you must:

-   Conduct only authorized business on the system.

-   Access Terra using only your own individual account. Group or shared
    accounts are NOT permitted.

-   Maintain the confidentiality of your authentication credentials such
    as your password. Do not reveal your authentication credentials to
    anyone; a Broad employee should never ask you to reveal them.

-   Report all security incidents or suspected incidents (e.g., lost
    passwords, improper or suspicious acts) related to Broad systems
    and networks to the Broad Institute Operations Center
    infosec@broadinstitute.org.

-   Follow proper logon/logoff procedures. You must manually logon to
    your session; do not store you password locally on your system or
    utilize any automated logon capabilities. You must promptly logoff
    when session access is no longer needed. If a logoff function is
    unavailable, you must close your browser. Never leave your
    computer unattended while logged into the system.

-   Ensure that Web browsers use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) version 3.0
    (or higher) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.2 (or higher).
    SSL and TLS must use a minimum of 256-bit, encryption.

-   Safeguard system resources against waste, loss, abuse, unauthorized
    use or disclosure, and misappropriation.

-   Contact the Broad Institute Operations Center
    (infosec@broadinstitute.org) if you do not understand any of
    these rules.

## By accessing and using Terra, you agree that you must NOT:

-   Use Terra to commit a criminal offense, or to encourage others to
    conduct acts that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise
    to civil liability.

-   Process U.S. classified national security information on the system.

-   Browse, search or reveal any protected data by Broad except in
    accordance with that which is required to perform your legitimate
    tasks or assigned duties.

-   Retrieve protected data or information, or in any other way disclose
    information, for someone who does not have authority to access
    that information.

-   Establish any unauthorized interfaces between systems, networks, and
    applications owned by Broad.

-   Upload any content that contains a software virus, such as a Trojan
    Horse or any other computer codes, files, or programs that may
    alter, damage, or interrupt the daily function of Terra and its
    users.

-   Post any material that infringes or violates the
    academic/intellectual rights of others.

-   View or use federal controlled access data hosted on Terra unless you
    are authorized through dbGaP.

-   Share or distribute federal controlled access data hosted on Terra with 
    other users unless they have dbGaP authorization.

-   Use Terra to generate, distribute, publish, or facilitate
    unsolicited mass email, promotions, advertisings or other
    solicitations or mine for cryptocurrency.

## Registration

You must sign up to Terra under a Google-managed identity. Both private
Gmail accounts and institutional Google Apps accounts are allowed. For
increased security when using Terra, we recommend enabling 2-Step
verification for your Google-managed identity. For information about how
your registration information is accessed and used, see our privacy
policy.

## Restrictions on the Use of Shared and Group Accounts

You cannot access Terra using group or shared accounts. The credentials
used for authenticating to Terra must belong to a single individual.

## Restrictions on the Use of Tutorial Workspaces

Terra provides tutorial workspaces preloaded with best practice analysis
pipelines and example data from TCGA. These workspaces are intended for
tutorial purposes only, not for computing on personal data.

You must not upload your own data sets to these workspaces, nor should
you add workflows (Method Configs). If you do not follow these
guidelines, your Terra/Firecloud account may be deactivated.

## Accessing a Government Website

Terra is a multi-tenant data storage and analysis platform. Terra may
host or otherwise facilitate access to government-owned research
datasets. Additionally, Terra may serve or interface with select
approved web portals that function as an entry point to the platform.
Some of these web portals are US Government websites.

By accepting these Terms of Service, you acknowledge:

-   Websites and datasets that are US Government websites and datasets
    may contain information that must be protected under the US
    Privacy Act or other sensitive information and are intended for
    Government authorized use only. Unauthorized attempts to upload
    information, change information, or use of these websites or
    datasets may result in disciplinary action, civil, and/or criminal
    penalties. Unauthorized users of these websites or datasets should
    have no expectation of privacy regarding any communications or
    data processed by these websites.
    [A list of US Government websites and datasets can be found here](https://support.terra.bio/hc/en-us/community/posts/360056900812-Government-owned-Websites-and-Datasets-Last-Revised-Feb-5-2020-)

-   By using any of these websites or otherwise accessing these datasets
    through Terra, you expressly consent to monitoring of your actions
    and all communications or data transiting or stored on related to
    this website and are advised that if such monitoring reveals
    possible evidence of criminal activity, NIH may provide that
    evidence to law enforcement officials.

## Access Levels

Your level of access to systems and networks owned by Broad is limited
to ensure your access is no more than necessary to perform your
legitimate tasks or assigned duties. If you believe you are being
granted access that you should not have, you must immediately notify the
Broad Operations Center at infosec@broadinstitute.org.

## Restricted Use of Federal Controlled-Access Data

To access federal controlled access data, you must first request to link
your Terra account to the eRA Commons or NIH identity under which you
are granted dbGaP authorized access. If you have dbGaP authorized
access, Terra permits read access to those the federal controlled-access
data files.

If the NIH or eRA commons identity authentication fails or the
authenticated identity no longer appears in the NIH-provided whitelist,
you can no longer access federal controlled access data files. It is your
responsibility to delete any federal controlled-access data in your
personal workspaces if you lose dbGaP authorized access. You must also
refrain from distributing federal controlled access data to users unless
they have dbGaP authorized access.

## Termination of Use

We may in our sole discretion suspend/terminate your access to Terra
without notification. We may also periodically review and remove
accounts for which a user has not logged on.

## External Links

Terra may provide links that are maintained or controlled by external
organizations. The listing of links are not an endorsement of
information, products, or services, and do not imply a direct
association between the Broad and the operators of the outside resource
links.

## Content

By accessing Terra, you expressly consent to monitoring of your actions
and all content or data transiting or stored therein. We reserve the
right to delete, move, or edit any data, which we consider to be
unacceptable or inappropriate.

## Data and Workspaces

When a user uploads private data to a workspace, they are responsible
for ensuring authorization domains are attached to the workspace to
control the set of possible users to only those who have adequate
permissions to work with those data. For instance, if a lab collects
sensitive human genomic information through their research, the user who
uploads the lab's data to a Terra workspace must select one or more
managed groups to set as authorization domains. This way, only members
from the group (perhaps other lab members who may also see and use the
data) have access. Authorization domains will remain with all cloned
versions of the workspace. If data are shared inappropriately or with
unauthorized users through the Terra platform, your access to Terra may
be suspended or terminated and, in some instances, Terra staff may
contact the user's institution.

Users creating a Terra Workspace are expected to ensure that data use
and sharing within any workspace to which they upload private data, or
any copies of such workspaces, are conducted in accordance with all
applicable national, tribal, and state laws and regulations, as well as
relevant institutional policies and procedures for handling genomic
data.

Questions? Contact infosec@broadinstitute.org.

## Disclaimer of Warranty

You expressly understand and agree that your use of Terra, or any
material available through it, is at your own risk. Neither the Broad
nor its employees warrant that Terra will be uninterrupted,
problem-free, free of omissions, or error-free; nor do they make any
warranty as to the results that may be obtained from Terra.

## Limitation of Liability

In no event will Broad, its affiliates or participating institutions, or
their respective directors, officers, employees, faculty members or
students be liable for any damages, include incidental, indirect,
special, punitive, exemplary, or consequential damages, arising out of
your use of or inability to use Terra, including without limitation,
loss of revenue or anticipated profits, loss of goodwill, loss of data,
computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other damages.

## HIPAA, Protected Health Information, and the Clinical Compliance Features

Terra is not a Covered Entity as that term is defined in the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended, and
its related regulations (collectively, "HIPAA"). On occasion, Terra
may agree in writing with a user to perform services for the user in the
storing PHI. We recommend that such users enter into a formal agreement
with Terra/Firecloud.

Terra does offer clinical compliance features as part of its service
("Compliance Features") for users who wish to upload, store, or
otherwise transfer PHI, as well as users who are using the Site in
connection with their clinical operations. Users who desire to upload,
store, or otherwise transfer PHI using the Site must implement all of
the required Clinical Features and must enter into a formal agreement
with Terra/Firecloud stating that. The uploading, storing, or
transferring of PHI using the Site by users that have not implemented
the Clinical Features is strictly prohibited. You agree that, unless you
have implemented the Clinical Features, you will not upload, store, or
otherwise transfer PHI using the Site.

You acknowledge that this may require you, in some instances, to
anonymize sequence data prior to uploading it to the Site. You further
agree to indemnify and hold harmless Terra of and from any and all
claims, demands, losses, causes of action, damage, lawsuits, judgments,
including attorneys' fees and costs, arising out of or relating to your
uploading, storing, or transferring of PHI without having fully
implemented the Clinical Features.

Terms as of February 25, 2022.
