# Terra Platform Terms of Service

Last Modified: January 10th, 2023

Effective Date: January 10th, 2023

Certain terms (including capitalized terms) are defined in Section 13
(Definitions).

## 1. Introduction

Thanks for using Terra! Terra is a platform developed by Verily,
Microsoft and The Broad Institute that enables Users to curate and
publish datasets, discover and access data, find and leverage tools, and
collaborate with others. These Terms of Service apply to your use of
Terra, as described in Section 2 and as operated by The Broad Institute.

The mission of Terra is to enable the next generation of collaborative
biomedical research by building an open platform that connects
researchers to each other and to the datasets and tools they need to
achieve scientific breakthroughs. The success of that mission depends on
User contributions of Content, and so we encourage you to support this
vibrant environment by making Content available for use and analysis by
other Users.

Your use of Terra requires that you agree to these Terms, which also
include the Acceptable Use Policy and the Customer Security
Requirements. Please read these materials carefully. If you are
accessing Terra on behalf of a company or entity, you represent that you
have the legal authority to enter into these Terms on that entity’s
behalf and agree that we may also contact such entity if you violate
these Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy or Customer Security
Requirements. If you do not understand these Terms, or do not accept any
part of them, then do not use Terra.

## 2. Your Use of Terra

**Non-Commercial Use.** Non-Commercial Users may use Terra for research,
sharing reproducible research, developing scientific software tools,
making data and scientific software tools available to the scientific
community, teaching and educational activities, and/or sponsored
research, regardless of the identity of the sponsor, provided that, for
sponsored research: (i) the primary effect of such sponsorship is not to
permit a commercial sponsor to profit from access to or use of Terra,
(ii) a commercial sponsor is not permitted to access Terra except in an
incidental manner in the course of such collaboration, and (iii) you do
not access or use Terra to comply with the express directions of a
commercial sponsor.

If your employer has reached an enterprise level agreement with The
Broad Institute governing your use of Terra, these terms will apply in
areas where they are additional to that agreement but will not amend or
supervene the governing enterprise level agreement.

**For-Profit Entities or other Commercial Use.** For-Profit Entities,
and anyone making use of Terra that is not described in “Non-Commercial
Use” above, may use Terra only under the terms of a Commercial Agreement
with Microsoft or Verily, which will govern, or for the following
limited circumstances:

1. Accessing specific Community Resource Datasets via Terra to the extent that
   the owner of the Community Resource Dataset has made such Community Resource Dataset available
   to Users that include For-Profit Entities. If such owner has
   designated a specific purpose for such Community Resource Dataset, a For-Profit
   Entity may use such Community Resource Dataset only for such designated purpose.
   Access by a For-Profit Entity to Community Resource Datasets through Terra under
   this exception may include using Terra to work across Community Resource Datasets,
   but does not extend to working in connection with any data,
   information, material, documents, or other Content outside of a Community Resource
   Dataset and the software and tools provided for use with a Community Resource
   Dataset.

2. Incidental access to Terra as part of a collaboration between a
   For-Profit Entity and a Non-Profit Entity.

And/or

3. If either Microsoft or Verily has approved you or your company
   to have an evaluation license, the limited use of Terra under these
   Terms for the sole purpose of evaluating whether to enter into a
   Commercial Agreement.

**Your Conduct.** Don’t misuse Terra. You may use Terra only as
permitted by Law, including applicable export and re-export control laws
and regulations, and in accordance with the Acceptable Use Policy. You
are responsible for your conduct and your Content Connected to Terra. By
accessing Terra, you acknowledge and agree that we may monitor your
conduct, your use of Terra, and your Content to filter spam, viruses,
and other malware, ensure interoperability, fix bugs and resolve
problems, ensure compliance with these Terms, the Acceptable Use Policy,
Customer Security Requirements, and Law, provide you with help desk
services and support, and that our understanding of the way Users
interact with Terra may be used to improve Terra. This analysis may
occur when you Connect Content to Terra or access Content Connected to
Terra. We may Remove or refuse to display Content that we reasonably
believe is spam, viruses, or other malware, not interoperable, not in
compliance with these Terms, the Acceptable Use Policy, Customer
Security Requirements, or Law, or is used outside of a restriction on
its use. If you request technical support, we may also use eyes on
monitoring to provide you with such technical support. When using or
accessing Content other than your Content, you agree to comply with all
restrictions and controls imposed by the owner of that Content. Within
Terra workspaces and repositories, owners have the ability to allow
other users access, or remove and exclude users entirely. Further, for
those granted access to a workspace or repository, the owner can assign
roles that limit access and use rights in a range of ways and revoke
access previously granted. Note, though, that where you have previously
granted access, and allowed others to acquire copies of your Content or
related Metadata, your revocation of future access will not pull back or
retrieve Content or Metadata in the hands of others through previously
granted access. Finally an owner may impose terms or restrictions
through separate agreements with users. You may not access any data
through Terra, or make any use of Terra functionality, other than access
and use authorized by the owners, and may not try to defeat, disable, or
otherwise avoid any technical mechanisms deployed within Terra to
maintain or enforce any limitations on access or use.

**Your Terra Account.** In order to use Terra, you will need to register
for a Terra account using an account from a Compatible Cloud. You may
not access Terra using group or shared accounts. The credentials used
for authenticating to Terra must belong to a single individual and only
that individual may use those credentials. To protect your Terra
account, keep your password confidential. You are responsible for the
activity that happens on or through your Terra account. Try not to reuse
your Terra account password on third-party applications. If you learn of
any unauthorized use of your password or Terra account, contact us
immediately.

**Accessing a Government Website.** To the extent you have selected
research data from certain U.S. Government sources, you acknowledge that
the following terms apply: (1) Users are accessing a U.S. Government
information system; (2) Information system usage may be monitored,
recorded and subject to audit; (3) Unauthorized use of the information
system is prohibited and subject to criminal and civil penalties; and
(4) Use of the information system indicates consent to monitoring and
recording.

**Terra Security Requirements.** To use Terra, you must comply with any
and all security requirements that we make available at
<https://terra.bio/resources/security/> or such other location as we may
notify you of, including in the Customer Security Requirements. Users
must ensure that your Web browsers use Transport Layer Security (TLS)
1.2 (or higher). SSL and TLS must use a minimum of 256-bit encryption.

**Announcements.** In connection with your use of Terra, we may send you
service announcements, administrative messages, and other information.
You may opt out of some of these communications.

**Retained Rights.** Using Terra does not give you ownership of any
intellectual property rights in Terra or the Content you access. You may
not use Content Connected to Terra unless you obtain permission from its
owner or are otherwise permitted by Law. These Terms do not grant you
the right to use any branding or logos used in Terra. Don’t remove,
obscure, or alter any marks, designations, or legal notices displayed in
or along with Terra.

**Age Restrictions.** In order to use Terra you must be 18 years of age
or older, unless you are accessing Terra in connection with your
activities using your account authorized by a Non-Profit Entity, in
which case you must be 16 years of age or older.

**No Medical Advice.** Terra does not provide medical advice. All
Content Connected to Terra is for informational purposes only and is not
a substitute for professional medical advice or treatment. Always seek
the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider with any
questions you may have regarding your health. Never disregard
professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something
you have read on Terra. If you think you may have a medical emergency,
call your doctor or 911 immediately. We do not recommend or endorse any
specific tests, physicians, products, procedures, opinions, or other
information that may be mentioned on Terra. Reliance on any information
provided by us, available on Terra, or by other Users is solely at your
own risk.

## 3. Content

**Your Content.** Terra enables you to Connect and access Content. You
are never required to Connect Content to Terra. You retain ownership of
any intellectual property rights that you hold in that Content. You
control who can access your Content Connected to Terra. Your Content
will never be shared through Terra with any other User in violation of
the access restrictions and assigned roles you establish for your
Content.

**Permitted Uses.** When you Connect Content to Terra, you give us a non-exclusive,
royalty-free, worldwide license to use that Content for the limited
purposes of (a) providing Terra and the Content Connected to Terra to
you, (b) providing support to you in connection with your use of and
access to Terra, (c) making your Content available to other Users
authorized by you via Terra’s functionality for such purpose and
supporting such access and use, each in accordance with the restrictions
and roles established by you, (d) using Metadata to maintain, test and
improve Terra, and (e) to comply with any Law. The license to your
Metadata (but not your Content itself) continues even if you stop using
Terra or Remove your Content. Your revocation of access previously
granted to one or more users will cut off future access of those users
to your Content through the accounts you control. If, though, you have
previously permitted other users to copy Content to their own accounts,
your revocation of access will not pull back the copied Content. Those
users may have ongoing access to the copies you have previously
permitted, and this use will be permitted under this license. We will
never let any third party (other than a third party we engage to
exercise our rights under these Terms, including operating Terra) access
your Content without your permission, and will never access or use your
Content (including letting our employees and other representatives
access your Content) for any purpose not allowed by these Terms without
a separate agreement between you and us. You agree that we may engage
third parties to exercise our rights under these Terms, including
operating Terra.

Terra provides certain functionality that will allow You to restrict
access to workspaces and repositories, and, within a workspace or
repository, assign Users roles that may have limited access to data or
certain functionalities. You are solely responsible for the
configuration, setting and use of these functionalities. Terra will not
manage, review or otherwise correct any errors You may make in how these
functionalities are configured, set or used. You are also responsible
for ensuring you have the rights to Connect your Content, share your
Content with any Users, and allow Users to access or use your Content in
accordance with any applicable regulation, any contractual or other
legal duties you may have, and in compliance with any proprietary rights
any third parties may have in your Content. Finally, You are responsible
for keeping backups of your Content. We take no responsibility for your
Content and do not and will not provide any back-up, archive, or
restoration functionality.

We have no obligation to review Content Connected to Terra, so please
don’t assume that we do. We understand the importance of the
confidentiality of your Content, including where applicable that your
Content may be protected by law, such as by a Certificate of
Confidentiality. If no exception at Law (for example, a Certificate of
Confidentiality) applies, and we determine we are required by Law to do
so, we may make any Content Connected to Terra available to a court,
regulatory agency, or other government entity, including in connection
with subpoenas, investigations, inquiries, examinations, or audits.
Where the Law permits, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you
before making any Content available to a court, agency or other
government entity.

**Feedback.** We welcome you to provide ideas, suggestions, and other
feedback about Terra! There is no requirement that you provide us any
feedback. If you do provide any ideas, suggestions, or other feedback
about Terra, you grant us a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free,
sublicensable, transferable, non-exclusive, worldwide right and license
to use that feedback for any lawful purposes.

**Terra Community Forum.** You may use your Terra account to access the
Terra Community Forum. By accessing the Terra Community Forum you agree
that the Terra Community Guidelines will cover your use of the Terra
Community Forum

**External Links, Third Party Products and Services.** Your use of Terra
is possible using repositories and computing resources of third party
services, including as may be offered by The Broad institute, Microsoft
Verily or their respective affiliates. In addition, Terra may provide
links that are maintained or controlled by external organizations. The
listing of links are not an endorsement of information, products, or
services, and do not imply a direct association between Terra and the
operators of the outside resource links. Products and services that
provide additional services or functions for use with Terra (including
from The Broad Institute, Microsoft and Verily) are made available under
a separate agreement. Your use of such additional products and services
is subject to those separate agreements.

If you access Terra using your Azure account, you must enter into a
separate agreement for Azure. Microsoft makes Azure available directly
and through Microsoft Cloud Solution Providers. Your use of Azure is
always subject to the Microsoft Universal License Terms for Online
Services. Your agreements with Microsoft, and not these Terms, will
apply to your use of Azure. Microsoft and Azure are registered
trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

If you access Terra using your Google Cloud Platform account, the terms
of your separate agreement for Google Cloud Platform will apply to your
use of Google Cloud Platform. Your agreements with Google or an
authorized reseller of Google Cloud Platform services, and not these
Terms, will apply to your use of GCP. Verily is a registered trademark
of Verily Life Sciences LLC. All rights reserved.

**Customized Features from Partners.** Some Users are also collaborators
with whom The Broad Institute works to develop custom experiences that
leverage the Terra system infrastructure. Depending on the features, the
Users providing customized features may have additional
responsibilities, and additional terms or agreements may be required to
deploy or use such features.

## 4. Privacy Protection

Our Privacy Policy explains how we treat your personal data and protect
your privacy when you use Terra. Any information submitted on Terra is
subject to our Privacy Policy, the terms of which are incorporated
herein by this reference. Please review our [Privacy
Policy](https://app.terra.bio/#privacy) to understand our practices.
By using Terra, you have read, understood, and agree to the terms of the
Privacy Policy, and you agree that we may retrieve, use, and disclose
your personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy.

To the extent you access Terra using an Azure account, Microsoft
processes your personal data in Azure as described in the Microsoft
Universal License Terms for Online Services, including, as applicable,
the <u>Microsoft Privacy Statement</u>.

To the extent you access Terra using a Google Cloud Platform account,
the terms of your separate agreement with Google will apply to the
processing of your personal data in Google Cloud Platform. To the extent
you access Terra through a Verily product or offering, the terms of your
separate agreement with Verily will apply to the processing of your
personal data through such Verily product or offering.

**Compliance with Data Protection Laws.** You may not use Terra to
Connect Content that includes PHI. You will anonymize or pseudonymize
data prior to Connecting it to Terra. To the extent not prohibited by
Law, you further agree to indemnify and hold harmless us, Microsoft, and
Verily from any and all claims, demands, losses, causes of action,
damage, lawsuits, judgments, including attorneys' fees and costs,
arising out of or relating to your Connecting Content that includes PHI
or personal data to Terra in violation of these Terms.

To the extent you Connect or access Content in Terra that is protected
under GDPR, you and we agree that the Data Protection Addendum describes
how we are processing any applicable personal data included in your
Content.

## 5. Copyright Protection

We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminate
accounts of repeat infringers according to the process set out in the
U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act and related regulations, as
updated from time to time.

We provide information to help copyright holders manage their
intellectual property online. If you think somebody is violating your
copyrights and want to notify us, please review the Copyright Policies &
Procedures.

## 6. Software and Tools

Terra has been developed and is available under an open source license
and is intended to be interoperable with Compatible Clouds. In addition
to the foundational open code, we may make various software and tools
available through Terra. We may add, change, or remove such software and
tools at any time in our sole discretion. Subject to any other
applicable terms and conditions, we give you a personal, worldwide,
royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use these
tools. Third parties may also provide software and tools for use with
Terra, and your use of such third party tools is subject to the terms on
which they are made available.

Some third party incorporated software used in Terra may be offered
under open source licenses. We will make the terms of those licenses
available to you. There may be provisions in the open source license
that expressly override some of these Terms only with regard to the
specific software associated with such provisions. To the extent not
permitted under the applicable open source license, you may not copy,
modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of Terra or included tools,
nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of
those tools, unless Laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our
written permission.

## 7. Modifying and Terminating Use of Terra

**Changes to Terra.** While we have no obligation to maintain or update
Terra, we are constantly changing and improving Terra. We may make
performance or security improvements, change functionalities or
features, or make changes to comply with Law or to prevent illegal
activities on, or abuse of, our systems. Your continued use of Terra
constitutes acceptance of any updates to these Terms. There may be times
when we will need to make changes to Terra without giving notice. These
will be limited to instances where we need to take action to ensure the
security and operability of the service, prevent abuse or where we must
act to meet legal requirements.

**Suspension and Termination.** You can stop using Terra at any time,
although we’ll be sad to see you go. You may Remove your Content at any
time. We may suspend or permanently disable your access to Terra without
notice for any reason in our sole discretion, including if: (1) you
materially or repeatedly violate these Terms or the Acceptable Use
Policy or Customer Security Requirements; or (2) you are using Terra in
a manner that could cause us legal liability.

If we suspend or disable your access to Terra, we have no obligation to
return your Content to you, and may Remove your Content in our sole
discretion.

**Discontinuation of Terra.** If we decide to discontinue Terra we will
give you reasonable notice based on the circumstances, but may not be
able to provide advance notice if we are required or advised to
immediately discontinue Terra. During any advance notice period (if
any), you will have the opportunity to Remove your Content from Terra.
After the end of this advance notice (if any) period you will not be
able to access your Content through Terra.

## 8. Our Warranties and Disclaimers

We operate Terra using a reasonable level of skill and care and we hope
that you will enjoy using Terra. But there are certain things that we
don’t promise about Terra, including that Terra will change in any way
or not change in any way. Other than as expressly stated, we do not make
any commitments about the specific form, features, or functionality
available through Terra, its reliability, availability, or ability to
meet your needs. We may change the form, features, or functionality of
Terra at any time in our sole discretion.

## 9. Liability for Terra; Disclaimers and Limitations

You expressly understand and agree that your use of Terra, or any
Content Connected to Terra, is at your own risk. We do not warrant that
your access to Terra will be uninterrupted, problem-free, free of
omissions, or error-free; nor make any warranty as to the results that
may be obtained from Terra. We do not warrant that Terra or any Content
Connected to Terra is safe to use or free from viruses or other malware.
When you access Terra, your systems may be exposed to cybersecurity
threats, including viruses and other malware. ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
OFFERED THROUGH TERRA ARE MADE AVAILABLE “AS IS” AND WE MAKE NO
REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND AS TO THE OPERATION OR USE OF TERRA. IN
ADDITION WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT
SUCH PRODUCTS OR SERVICES WILL BE OR OPERATE IN A FASHION THAT IS ERROR
FREE, BE AVAILABLE OR ‘UP’ AT ANY TIME, OR WILL OPERATE IN A FASHION
THAT IS FIT FOR ANY SPECIFIC RESEARCH OR COMMERCIAL APPLICATION.

In no event will we be liable for the incidental, indirect, special,
punitive, exemplary, or consequential damages, arising out of your use
of or inability to use Terra, including loss of revenue or anticipated
profits, loss of goodwill, loss of data, computer failure or
malfunction, or any and all other damages.

The total liability of us and our suppliers and distributors to you, for
any claims arising from or related to your use of Terra, including
claims for breach of any express or implied warranties, is limited to
the amount (if any) you paid us to use Terra during the twelve-month
period immediately preceding the time of the claim. If you did not pay
us any amount for the use of Terra during the twelve month period
immediately preceding the time of the claim, then the total liability of
us and our suppliers and distributors to you for claims arising from or
related to your use of Terra is limited to one hundred (\$100) dollars.

Nothing in these Terms is intended to exclude or limit our liability, or
that of our suppliers and distributors, for death or personal injury,
fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation or any liability that cannot be
excluded by Law.

Microsoft and Verily, who are development collaborators with the Broad
Institute for Terra, and, in the case of Microsoft, a cloud service
provider of one of the Compatible Clouds you may use with Terra, do not
operate this version of Terra and do not make any warranties (whether
express, implied or statutory) regarding Terra or Content Connected to
Terra. In no event will Microsoft and/or Verily be responsible for any
direct, incidental, indirect, special, punitive, exemplary, or
consequential damages, arising out of your use of or inability to use
Terra.

## 10. Indemnification

To the extent permitted by Law, you agree to fully defend, indemnify and
hold us, Microsoft, and Verily harmless from any third party claims
arising from your use of Terra, including any claim arising from the
Connecting or accessing of Content. Neither we, nor Microsoft or Verily,
agree to indemnify you.

## 11. Laws Governing these Terms.

The laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, U.S.A., excluding
Massachusetts’s conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes
arising out of or relating to these Terms or Terra.

We reserve the right to seek temporary or preliminary injunctive relief
(or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction. You
waive the right to seek any equitable or legal remedies to restrain the
operation of Terra. The Terra [website](https://terra.bio/) will provide
contact information for our designated agent for notifications under
these Terms or delivery of service of process.

In the event of a dispute arising from your use of Terra, you and we
agree that we will first contact each other in an attempt to informally
resolve the dispute. If the dispute is not resolved, then either you or
we may submit the dispute to binding arbitration. You and we will
mutually agree on a qualified arbitrator who will conduct the
arbitration solely by telephone, online, or based on written submissions
without any personal appearances by any parties or witnesses unless
mutually agreed.

Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator will be binding on
both you and us, final and unappealable and may be entered in any court
of competent jurisdiction. The prevailing party will be entitled to
recover its fees and costs incurred in connection with the arbitration,
including reasonable attorneys’ fees. You acknowledge and accept these
dispute resolution measures, and waive all right to litigate any
disputes arising from these Terms in court, including waiver of any
right to a jury trial or to participate in a class action suit against
us.

## 12. About these Terms

We may modify these Terms, the Acceptable Use Policy, the Customer
Security Requirements or any additional terms that apply to Terra or
your use of Terra, for any reason, including to reflect changes to Terra
or Laws or to enable us to meet our obligations. Any change to these
Terms will be effective immediately upon our posting notice unless we
state otherwise. You should look at the Terms regularly. We’ll post
notice of modifications or additions to the Terms in Terra and will post
prior notice of material changes to the Terms to you at
<https://app.terra.bio/#terms-of-service> or such other location as we may
notify you of.

These Terms control the relationship between us and you. Microsoft,
Verily, Google LLC, Alphabet Inc. and other entities that are or may
become affiliates of the Broad Institute or the foregoing entities are
not parties to these Terms, but are intended third party beneficiaries
of these Terms, with a right to enforce these Terms directly against
you. Otherwise, these Terms do not create any third party beneficiary
rights.

If you do not comply with these Terms, and we don’t take action right
away, this doesn’t mean that we are waiving or giving up any rights that
we may have (such as taking action in the future). If a particular term
is not enforceable, this will not affect any other term.

## 13. Definitions

“Acceptable Use Policy” means our Acceptable Use Policy, available at
<https://terra.bio/about/acceptable-use-policy/> or such other location
as we may notify you of.

“CCPA” means the California Consumer Protection Act, as amended, and its
related regulations.

“Cloud Identity” means a Microsoft Identity or Google Identity.

“Compatible Cloud” means Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or
other cloud service providers as we may add to or remove from use with
Terra at any time in our sole discretion.

“Commercial Agreement” means a separately executed, legally binding
written agreement between you or the entity on whose behalf you are
accessing and using Terra (e.g., an enterprise agreement) and Microsoft
or Verily, covering (among other things) your use of and access to Terra
and your Content.

“Connect” means to connect, submit, share, send, create in or otherwise
make Content available through Terra.

“Content” means any data, information, material, documents, or other
content, including any related Metadata. “your Content” means Content
that you Connect to Terra. For clarity, Content will not include other
copies of the same information that is not Connected to Terra.

“Copyright Policies & Procedures” means our Copyright Policies &
Procedures available at <https://support.terra.bio/hc/en-us/sections/4408251025563> or such
other location as we may notify you of.

“Community Resource Dataset” means those datasets listed at https://support.terra.bio/hc/en-us/articles/10859572748827 
or such other location as we may notify you of.

“Customer Security Requirements” means our Customer Security
Requirements available at
<https://terra.bio/about/customer-security-requirements/> or such other
location as we may notify you of.

“Data Protection Addendum” means our Data Processing Terms available at
<https://support.terra.bio/hc/en-us/articles/10860018891291> or such other location as we may
notify you of.

“For-Profit Entity” means any individual, entity or organization other
than a Non-Profit Entity, including any for-profit pharmaceutical,
biotechnology, medical device, or food or cosmetics company.

“Google Identity” or “Google ID” means any of a gmail account, an
organizationally-managed G Suite identity, or a Google Apps identity.

“HIPAA” means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of
1996, as amended, and its related regulations.

“including” means “including, without limitation and without limiting
the foregoing.”

“Law” means all laws, regulations, court orders, frameworks, guidelines
and standards applicable to your use of Terra (including all Content
Connected to Terra), including HIPAA, CCPA, the U.S. Computer Fraud and
Abuse Act, E.U. General Data Protection Regulation, U.S. Digital
Millennium Copyright Act, the National Institute of Standards and
Technology Cybersecurity Framework, and any similar laws in any other
jurisdictions, any applicable ethical standards, and any applicable
informed consent documents. Something is “illegal” if it violates any
Law.

“Metadata” means information about a file or data object including the
file size, number of rows, number of columns, column labels, and other
descriptors that describe the format of the file or data object or about
the behavior of a file or data object in a specific computer
environment, such as the file’s level of compression or the latency to
access, but does not include or mean the content of the file, including
but not limited to any genotypic or phenotypic information contained in
the Content.

“Microsoft” means Microsoft Corporation, located at One Microsoft Way,
Redmond, Washington 98052.

“Microsoft Identity” means a Microsoft account or an Azure Active
Directory account for Microsoft Azure users

“Non-Commercial User” means a Non-Profit Entity (or person acting
through or on behalf of a Non-Profit Entity) to the extent that it is
carrying out research that does not involve the production or
manufacture of products for sale or the offer for sale or performance of
commercial services for a fee.

“Non-Profit Entity” means an entity that is (a) not a for-profit
commercial business, such as any for-profit pharmaceutical,
biotechnology, medical device, or food or cosmetics company, and (b) (i)
if an entity organized in the United States, exempt from U.S. federal
income tax under Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code (for
example, a 501(c)(3) or 501(c)(4) tax-exempt organization) or (ii) if an
entity organized outside of the United States, that has equivalent tax
exempt status under other applicable laws or that otherwise operates as
a not-for-profit business. Non-Profit Entities may include, by way of
example, educational institutions, research institutions, academic
medical centers, and government entities that operate as a
not-for-profit business.

“PHI” means protected health information, as defined in HIPAA.

“Privacy Policy” means our Privacy Policy, available at
<https://app.terra.bio/#privacy> or such other location as we may
notify you of.

“Remove” means to cause Content to not be Connected to Terra.

“Terms” means these legally binding Terms of Service, as may be amended
by us from time to time.

“Terra” means the Terra platform and all associated websites (including
terra.bio).

“The Broad Institute” means The Broad Institute, Inc., located at 415
Main St, Cambridge, MA 02142.

“User” means any person who has authorized access to Terra, under all
applicable terms and requirements.

“you” means the person who accesses Terra under these Terms. If you are
accessing or using Terra in your individual capacity, all references to
“you” reference you as an individual. If you are accessing or using
Terra on behalf of a company or other entity all references to “you”
reference both you as an individual and that entity.

“Verily” means Verily Life Sciences LLC, located at 269 East Grand
Avenue, South San Francisco, CA 94080.

“we”, “us” and similar terms means The Broad Institute.
