# Terra Platform Privacy Notice 

Last Updated: October 20, 2022

This Privacy Notice is supplied by The Broad Institute (“Broad,” “we,”
“us” or “our”) and describes how Personal Data is collected and used by
Broad via the Terra platform and all associated websites (including
terra.bio) (”Terra”) developed by Verily, Microsoft and Broad (together
with their affiliates, the “Collaborators”). This Privacy Notice applies
only to the websites and other online properties that directly link to
it, which we refer to herein as the “Services”.

This Privacy Notice applies to Broad where Broad is the “controller” of
your Personal Data, i.e., the entity that determines the purposes and
means for processing such data. Broad may in some cases process Personal
Data on behalf of users of Terra, such as where Users load Personal Data
including genomics data to Terra. In that case, Broad is a “processor”
with respect to such information, and you should refer to the user’s own
privacy notices to receive additional information about their privacy
practices.

If you have any questions about Broad’s privacy practices, please
email:

[privacy@broadinstitute.org](mailto:privacy@broadinstitute.org).

## 1. Personal Data We Collect

When we use the term “Personal Data” we mean information that relates to
a specific person, or that can be used to identify a specific person,
such as a name or email address. In this Privacy Notice, we do not
include Protected Health Information in the definition of Personal Data
because, as discussed in Section 2 (Protected Health Information),
Protected Health Information has different treatment under the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended, and
its implementing regulations (“HIPAA”) and other applicable laws.
“Protected Health Information” or “PHI” is individually identifiable
health information that is protected by HIPAA.

We collect and use Personal Data through your use of the Services in the
following ways:

***1.a User Account Information/Personally Identifiable Information***

- When you register with us through the Services and during your use of
  the Services, we will ask you for Personal Data such as: your name,
  company or organization name, title, e-mail address, postal address,
  telephone number.

***1.b Information You Provide***

- When you interact with the Services, you may supply certain Personal
  Data, such as when you submit a request or post on the Community
  Forum. The information will vary depending on your interactions, but
  may include your name and email address and other information you
  include in the body of your request, post, comment, or other
  interaction.

***1.c. Automatic Data Collection: Cookies and Similar Technologies***

- When you use the Services, we automatically collect usage data such as
  the IP address of the device or internet service you use to connect to
  the Internet, browser type and version, operating system and platform,
  and referring URLs, which may, in some instances, constitute Personal
  Data (“Usage Data”).

- We use cookies, tracking pixels, and other similar technologies to
  track activity on our Services and to enhance the functionality of our
  Services. Cookies are small data files that our web servers send to
  your browser and which get saved on the hard drive of the computer
  that you are using to access the Services. If you do not want to allow
  cookies on your computer, most browsers have a feature that allows you
  either to automatically decline cookies or to decline or accept
  particular cookies from particular websites. If you choose to reject
  cookies from our Services, you may be unable to use certain Services
  features, and functionality. If you choose to accept cookies from us
  and our service providers, you are agreeing to let us and our service
  providers install cookies on your computer. To learn more about
  cookies, please visit http://allaboutcookies.org. Tracking pixels
  (also known as web beacons, action tags, or transparent GIF files)
  collect and store information about your visits to our Services, such
  as page visits, the duration of the visit, the specific link(s) that
  you clicked during your visit, and the address of the website from
  which you arrived at the Services.

- We use Google Analytics to better understand how users interact with
  our Services. To learn more about the use of Cookies by Google for
  analytics and to exercise choice regarding those Cookies, please visit
  the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

- Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in
  certain web browsers. We are committed to providing you with
  meaningful choices about the information collected on our website for
  third-party purposes, and that is why we provide the variety of
  opt-out mechanisms listed above. We do not currently use technology
  that recognizes “do not track” signals from your Web browser.

## 2. Protected Health Information

- With respect to Terra, Broad is not a Covered Entity as that term is
  defined under HIPAA. You may not use Terra to connect content that
  includes PHI. You will anonymize or pseudonymize data prior to
  connecting it to Terra.

## 3. How Your Personal Data May be Used

We use Personal Date as described below:

- We may use your Personal Data to provide and improve Terra and our
  other products and services, to ensure contact information is up to
  date and accurate, to improve our customer service, to reduce risk and
  prevent fraud, to provide you with a personalized experience on our
  Services and to communicate with you regarding new service features
  and related products and services provided by our Collaborators or
  other partners, events, and other information and notices we believe
  you may find interesting or useful. We will not sell or provide your
  information to third parties other than the Collaborators for their
  own direct marketing purposes.

<!-- -->

- We use Usage Data collected to provide, maintain, secure, and improve
  our Services, and to understand your interests when visiting our
  Services. We may generate statistical information regarding our
  user-base and use it to analyze our Services or business.

## 4. With Whom May Broad Share Your Personal Data?

We share Personal Data with the following categories of recipients:

*Service Providers*

- We may rely on various third-party service providers and contractors
  to provide services that support the Services and our operations,
  including, without limitation, maintenance of our databases,
  distribution of emails and newsletters on our behalf, data analysis,
  payment processing and other services of an administrative nature.
  Such third parties may have access to your Personal Data for the
  purpose of performing the service for which they have been engaged.

*Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement*

- Broad cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and
  private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose
  Personal Data and other user information when we, in our sole
  discretion, have reason to believe that disclosing this information is
  necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone
  who may (either intentionally or unintentionally) be causing injury to
  or interference with our rights or property, users of our Services, or
  anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. We may also
  disclose user information when we believe, in our sole discretion,
  that such disclosure is required by applicable law. We also may be
  required to disclose an individual’s Personal Data in response to a
  lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national
  security or law enforcement requirements.

*Vendors and Service Providers*

- We use various third-party [various third-party service
  providers](https://support.terra.bio/hc/en-us/articles/360039434212),
  such as Google Cloud and MixPanel, that assist us in providing Terra.
  For example, we may use third-party vendors to store and authenticate
  account credentials, store and analyze system logs, send email
  communications, and for hosting and storing information collected
  through our Platform. We may need to share your information with these
  vendors and service providers to enable them to provide these services
  to us. These service providers and vendors are required to only use
  your information to provide their services to us and in a manner
  consistent with this Policy.

*Business Transactions*

- If any of the Collaborators sell all or part of their business or
  makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a
  merger or business transfer, the Collaborator may transfer your
  Personal Data to a third party as part of that transaction.

## 5. Information You Share With Other Users; Forums

- Our Services allow you to share the sequence data, reference genomes,
  and other information you submit to the Services with other users of
  the Services and third parties who are not users of the Services.
  Broad is not responsible for such other users' and third parties' use
  of your sequence data, reference genomes or other information. You
  understand and acknowledge that, if you choose to share the sequence
  data, reference genomes, or other information you submit to the
  Services with other users of the Services or third parties, such
  shared information might be copied or redistributed by other users and
  third parties. Even after you remove information from your account or
  delete your account, copies of that information may remain viewable
  elsewhere to the extent it has previously been shared with others.

## 6. Links and Third Party Applications; Other Privacy Terms and Conditions

- On the Services, we may provide links to websites or applications
  maintained by third parties, which we believe you may find useful.
  Broad is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other
  websites or applications and we encourage you to review the privacy
  policies of each of those other websites or applications before using
  such websites and applications. If you click on these third-party
  links, these other websites or applications may place their own
  cookies or other files on your computer, collect data, or solicit
  Personal Data from you. Other websites and applications will have
  different policies and rules regarding the use or disclosure of the
  Personal Data you submit to them. We make no representation with
  regard to the policies or business practices of any websites or
  applications to which you connect through a link from the Services,
  and are not responsible for any material contained on, or any
  transactions that occur between you and any such website or
  application.

- As a processor, Broad stores the genomic sequence data (DNA, RNA,
  etc), derived from humans or other organisms, that you submit to the
  Services along with metadata and other information related to such
  sequence data. You agree to and accept full responsibility for
  obtaining all necessary permissions and informed consents from the
  donors of all samples from which your submitted sequence data is
  derived.

- You may also be permitted to upload your own software and data,
  including reference genomes, to the Services in the course of using
  the Services. You agree to and accept full responsibility for
  obtaining all permissions, consents, and rights necessary for
  uploading and using any such software and data to and with the
  Services. The software you upload must comply with the Terra "Terms of
  Use Policy".

## 7. Children’s Privacy

- We are committed to protecting privacy of young people using our
  Services. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data on the Services
  from children under age 13. We believe children should get their
  parents’ or guardians’ consent before giving out any Personal Data. If
  you become aware that we have collected Personal Data from a child
  without parental consent, please notify us promptly. If we become
  aware that a child under age 13 has provided us with Personal Data
  without parental consent, we will take steps to remove it.

## 8. Data Processed in the United States

- Broad is a United States based company and therefore we must abide by
  the laws and regulations of the United States. By providing Personal
  Data and other information via the Services, you understand and
  consent to the collection, use, processing and transfer of such
  information to the United States, which may not offer the same level
  of data protection as the country where you reside, in accordance with
  the terms of this Privacy Policy. As described further in Section 9,
  where required by applicable law, we have instituted suitable
  safeguards to ensure the adequacy of the privacy protections in place
  with respect to any data transfers.

## 9. Notice to Individuals Located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland

- Our processing of Personal Data about individuals located in the
  European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland may be within
  the scope of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation
  (EU Regulation 2016/679) (“EU GDPR”), its incorporation into the laws
  of England and Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland by virtue of the
  UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and/or the Swiss Federal Act
  on Data Protection, as applicable (together, the “GDPR”). This portion
  of our Privacy Notice (the “GDPR Privacy Notice”) applies only to our
  processing of Personal Data that is within the scope of the GDPR and
  where we are a controller of your data, i.e., where the purpose and
  means of processing your data is determined by us (“GDPR Processing
  Activities”).

- We rely on separate and overlapping bases to process your Personal
  Data lawfully when acting as a controller. We will use the Personal
  Data provided through or collected on the Services only for the
  purposes described in this Privacy Notice. Our legal bases for
  processing your Personal Data include providing you with the
  information or services that you have requested, protecting your vital
  interests, furthering our legitimate interests, and your consent, if
  applicable.

- Legitimate interests that we rely on in processing your Personal Data
  include (i) improving and customizing the Services for you, (ii)
  understanding how the Services are being used, (iii) exploring ways to
  develop and grow our Services, (iv) ensuring the safety and security
  of the Services, and (v) enhancing protection against fraud, spam,
  harassment, intellectual property infringement, crime and security
  risks. Without the ability to collect and process your Personal Data,
  we would not be able to achieve those interests. We may also use your
  Personal Data for purposes, including scientific research, that are
  compatible with the purposes for which such data were initially
  collected.

- If our processing is based solely on consent, you have the right to
  withdraw your consent. You may withdraw your consent by contacting us
  as set forth in the “Contact Us” section below. Please note that, in
  certain cases, we may continue to process your Personal Data after you
  have withdrawn consent, if we have a legal basis to do so. For
  example, we may retain certain information if we need to do so to
  comply with an independent legal obligation, or if it is necessary to
  do so to pursue our legitimate interest in keeping the Services safe
  and secure, or if deleting the information would undermine the
  integrity of a research study in which you are enrolled.

- As described in Section 8, Broad is located in the United States. When
  you enter your Personal Data through one of the Services, the data is
  being transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States, and
  could be transferred to, stored and processed in another country
  outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland. Please be aware that the United
  States, and possibly other countries to which your Personal Data may
  be transferred, have not been determined by the appropriate government
  authorities to provide adequate safeguards for the protection of
  Personal Data. However, Broad will take steps to maintain the privacy
  of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice. If Broad
  transfers your Personal Data outside the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, we
  will do so in reliance on mechanisms recognized under the GDPR. This
  includes (i) transferring your Personal Data to countries that the
  appropriate government authority has determined to provide adequate
  data protection, (ii) obtaining your consent to transfer your Personal
  Data after first informing you about the possible risks of such a
  transfer, (iii) transferring your information where the transfer is
  necessary to the performance of a contract between you and Broad or if
  the transfer is necessary to the performance of a contract and the
  contract was entered into in your interest, (iv) transferring your
  information if necessary to establish, exercise or defend legal
  claims, (v) transferring your Personal Data outside the EEA, UK, or
  Switzerland to protect your vital interests; or (vi) transferring your
  Personal Data pursuant to Standard Contractual Clauses. You may
  request a copy of the Standard Contractual Clauses relevant to any
  such transfer of your Personal Data by contacting us as set forth in
  the “Contact Us” section below.

- We will retain your Personal Data for as long as is necessary for the
  purposes set out in this Privacy Notice (for example, if you have an
  account, for as long as your account is active), subject to your
  right, under certain circumstances, to have certain of your Personal
  Data erased, as discussed in the next paragraph, unless a longer
  period is required under applicable law or is needed to resolve
  disputes or protect our legal rights.

- If your Personal Data is processed for GDPR Processing Activities, you
  have the right to (1) obtain a copy of the Personal Data Broad holds
  about you in an easily accessible format and receive any details
  required to be provided to you under applicable law, (2) correct or
  update your Personal Data, if inaccurate, (3) limit collection and use
  of your Personal Data under certain circumstances (for example, if you
  think it is inaccurate), (4) request deletion of your Personal Data,
  subject to Broad’s need to keep such data to comply with legal
  requirements, to preserve the integrity of a research study, or to
  allow itself to defend itself from legal claims, among other bases for
  denying a request to delete, and (5) file a complaint with a data
  protection authority. If you have questions about the processing of
  your Personal Data or rights associated with your Personal Data, see
  the section “Contact Us” below.

## 10. Privacy Notice Changes

- This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically. We will notify you of
  any material changes to this Privacy Notice by posting the revised
  policy on the Services. You are advised to periodically review this
  page to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of
  our Privacy Notice. Any changes to our Privacy Notice will become
  effective upon our posting of the revised Privacy Notice on the
  Services. Use of the Services following such changes constitutes your
  acceptance of the revised Privacy Notice then in effect. You will be
  able to determine when this Privacy Notice was last revised by
  checking the “Last Updated” information that appears at the top of
  this page.

## 11. Contact Us

- If you have any questions about our privacy practices, you may contact
  us using the following email address: [privacy@broadinstitute.org](mailto:privacy@broadinstitute.org).

- You may contact our Data Protection Officer at: [whedglon@broadinstitute.org](mailto:whedglon@broadinstitute.org).

- You may contact our EU/UK Representative at: [whedglon@broadinstitute.org](mailto:whedglon@broadinstitute.org).
